PORT-2039 Update merge and upsert section (#106)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/tutorials/entity-basics.md

The API offers several methods to update an existing Entity:

#### POST request

Make an **HTTP POST** request to the URL `https://api.getport.io/v1/blueprints/{blueprint_identifier}/entities?upsert=true`

> This request with the `upsert` flag set to `true` will update a matching Entity if one exists, if no matching Entity is found, a new one will be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This request with an `upsert` flag set to `true`, will update a matching Entity, if one exists. If no matching Entity is found, a new one will be created.
```

> The request body is the same as creating a new entity, just with the additional flag `upsert=true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The request body is the same body inserted when creating a new entity, with the exception of an additional flag `upsert=true`.
```

The **POST** method supports the following query parameters:

| Parameter | Default value |
| --------- | ------------- |
| `upsert`  | `false`       |
| `merge`   | `false`       |

To understand the behavior of the `upsert` and `merge` parameters, refer to the following possible scenarios:

> - `upsert=false` - Try to create a new Entity, fail if an Entity with the provided identifier exists;
> - `upsert=true&merge=false` - Try to create a new Entity, update an Entity if one with the provided identifier exists (will override existing values with those provided in the request - equivalent to a PUT request);
> - `upsert=true&merge=true` - Try to create a new Entity, update an Entity if one with the provided identifier exists (will merge existing values with those provided in the request - equivalent to a PATCH request for each individual field provided).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `upsert=false` - create a new Entity, or, fail if an Entity with the provided identifier exists;
- `upsert=true&merge=false` - create a new Entity, or, update an Entity if one with the provided identifier exists (will override existing values with those provided in the request - equivalent to a PUT request);
- `upsert=true&merge=true` - create a new Entity, or, update an Entity if one with the provided identifier exists (will merge existing values with those provided in the request - equivalent to a PATCH request for each individual field provided).
```

> - `upsert=false` - Try to create a new Entity, fail if an Entity with the provided identifier exists;
> - `upsert=true&merge=false` - Try to create a new Entity, update an Entity if one with the provided identifier exists (will override existing values with those provided in the request - equivalent to a PUT request);
> - `upsert=true&merge=true` - Try to create a new Entity, update an Entity if one with the provided identifier exists (will merge existing values with those provided in the request - equivalent to a PATCH request for each individual field provided).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `upsert=false` - create a new Entity, or, fail if an Entity with the provided identifier exists;
- `upsert=true&merge=false` - create a new Entity, or, update an Entity if one with the provided identifier exists (will override existing values with those provided in the request - equivalent to a PUT request);
- `upsert=true&merge=true` - create a new Entity, or, update an Entity if one with the provided identifier exists (will merge existing values with those provided in the request - equivalent to a PATCH request for each individual field provided).
```

#### PUT request

Make an **HTTP PUT** request to the URL `https://api.getport.io/v1/blueprints/{blueprint_identifier}/entities/{entity_identifier}`

> A PUT request has the same body as a POST request and it will simply overwrite the entity if it exists. It will return an error code if the entity does not exist (based on identifier-match).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A PUT request has the same body as a POST request and it will simply overwrite the Entity if it exists. It will return an error code if the Entity does not exist (based on identifier-match).
```
